light style pass: catches minor errors too (#2499)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: embedded-wallets/authentication/basic-logins/email-passwordless.mdx

export default web3AuthContextConfig
```

> Follow our [Quick Start](/quickstart/?product=EMBEDDED_WALLETS&walletAggregatorOnly=NO&framework=REACT&stepIndex=0) to setup the basic flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow our [quickstart](/quickstart/?product=EMBEDDED_WALLETS&walletAggregatorOnly=NO&framework=REACT&stepIndex=0) to set up the basic flow.
```
